update docs with renderers help (#48)
pablo-abc/svelte-markdown: README.md

Just like with React Markdown, this package doesn't use `{@html ...}` unless you need to render HTML.

## Props

The SvelteMarkdown component accepts the following props:

- `source` - _string_ The Markdown source to be parsed.
- `renderers` - _object (optional)_ An object where the keys represent a node type and the value is a Svelte component. This object will be merged with the default renderers. For now you can check how the default renderers are written in the source code at `src/renderers`.
- `options` - _object (optional)_ An object containing [options for Marked](https://marked.js.org/using_advanced#options)

## Renderers

> To create custom renderer for a element you just have to create a Svelte componente with the default props ([you can check they here](https://marked.js.org/using_pro#renderer)), for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create custom renderer for an element, you just have to create a Svelte component with the default props ([you can check them here](https://marked.js.org/using_pro#renderer)), for example:
```
